#AnimKit internals, status and roadmap

= AK Internals =

== akAnimationClip ==
A basic keyframed animation

== akAnimationChannel ==
Can be of type BONE/TRANSFORM/MORPH/META. It is mostly organisational (to group curves inside a clip) and give hints on how to apply the result (type and name)

== akAnimationCurve ==
A keyframed curve with linear or bezier interpolation. It animates only one float value.

== akAnimationPlayer ==
Link to a clip and recall the positon inside the clip (local clock) and the playing speed. Each object have a player for each animation clip it can play (so animation clip are shared between objects). It also contain the weight of the animation for animation blending. 

== akAnimationPlayerSet ==
A set of players to facilitate handling the multitude of players an object can have.

== akSkeletonPose ==
Quite self explanatory. Can be in different "spaces": Model, Local or Binding.
For blending it better be in a space where the parent position does not affect the child position. So do not blend in model space but only in local or binding space. For generating a matrix palette for skinning however it should be in model space.
Some methods are available to convert between spaces.

== akPose ==
== akGeometryDeformer ==
== akBufferInfo ==
== akMesh ==


= AK Status=

  * Linear blend skinning
  * Dual quaternion skinning
  * Morphing (shape keys)
  * Arbitary float value animation
  * Animation Blending: By hand or flat weighted average (normalized or not)
  * LERP, additive and substractive blending.


= AK Roadmap (in no special order) = 

  * Partial body blending
  * Retargeting
  * Mirroring
  * Quatization
  * BlendController
    # BlendTree
    # Animation State Machine 
  * IK
  * Serialization
  * GUI


= Demo Status =

  * Skinning
  * Morphing
  * Simple animation (positon rotation)
  * VBO
  * Shaded/Shadeless/Wireframe
  * Draw normals
  * DualQuaternion/Matrix skinning

= Demo Roadmap =
  * UV textures (uv coord are loaded from blend file, textures not yet)
  * Idle/Walk/Run with akAnimationPlayer synchronisation.